you are waiting all the time for the
hemingway s make his character
Survive the war and be with the woman
who loves about 40 meters can not
appear someone and put a final
happy to the book I can not apologize
you know what I'm going to do I'm going to
excuse the name of ernest hemingway
because it is him who must be corrected
the hemingway that you do not see him too
apologize to us what are you going to do with
your life I'm getting in shape for
my country that has already left and our
doctor I had a single episode came from
I work well and woman in the shower has
of the curtain and it gives me
if I was the pot
you are very good
I had not thought about it
that I find beautiful but I
your house is also true he is
dead that is happening
they told me if you start to leave the
mental hospital
the origin that you did not have controlled that
we wear it well I wear it well
match was great now
I just want us to be friends and for
What did they throw you out of work because
I slept with all my mates
office with everyone was depressed by
the death of take we do not have to talk
of that
thank you how many were you do not let your
fan and you mess up problems is not my friend
that comes that candle is a contest of
dance I can only introduce myself if I get
also do not wait I will not dance
with you this is the girl whose
you wrote you wrote about me it's fine
Write about my friend in capital letters
It's big but I warn you have to be
Attentive to the signs when life gives you
offer a moment like this is a sin
not taking advantage of it is a sin
and I'm convinced of that you have to
Do everything you can and try hard
maximum if you maintain optimism
always have the good side of things
what is this and I want more